Ohayōgozaimasu, Kyō wa rāmen o tsukurimasu
Tanoshidesu ne
my mas jaw mounts gonna see this man
yeah i still masturbate while eating top
ramen at a fast rate and the bigger
quantities it counts as rape when I'm
slurping at this unbelievable pace I
turn the temperature up all the way to
sweat up on my face if you give no
effort if you've got no money then I got
a cheap method crack it up and throw it
in a pan and let it cook bitch now
that's a real education fuck books if
you wanna make it in college acknowledge
all the flavors that be dropping mad
knowledge on these pussy ass canned
goods we got chicken and beef abuse the
manhood anybody want a piece of me we'll
have to get this ramen first start with
the shrimp and then the fire if you're
fully blazed then the shit will get you
higher 35 cents a pack three for a
dollar unbelievable pricing that's the
future rub a blue-collar worker and I'm
talking about ramen the shit will fill
you up when you're feeling like an
African come back when you're in the
state that I'm in and say hots in my
homeboy top ramen it's filthy Frank
*tongwaggle noise*
motherfucker it's built the Frank bitch
let's get some pussy tonight